In this exercise, you're going to practice working with structures which are
a user-defined type that allows you to aggregate different other types of data together.
So in this program, you can see we have a struct date, that's a structure,
and we've named this type Date,
and then in the main function,
we're going to declare a variable date of type Date.
Now it might get a little confusing that the variable and the type have the same,
or actually not quite the same,
but very similar names.
They're not quite the same because this date has a capital D,
and this date has a lowercase d. So they're slightly different.
We could in fact reverse these,
there's no requirement that structures
have a name that starts with a capital letter, but that's a convention.
It's just the way programmers normally do it in order to
help us keep track of what's a type and what's a variable.
Typically, types start with
capital letters and variable names start with lowercase letters.
So we have this variable date of type capital Date,
and what we want to do is initialize this variable date to August 29th, 1981.
Now before we do that, let's just test what happens if we compile this code.
So we compile this code. Compile is fine.
If we run it, we get this error assertion data.day equals equals 29
failed because we are declaring
a date without ever setting what the member variables are.
These are called member variables: day, month, and year.
So we can set now data.day equals 29.
First, I'll clear it, and then if we compile and run the code now,
we need to save it.
Sorry. I thought we should pass the test.
Now that we've saved it, in fact,
we do pass the day equals equals 29 test.
We fail on the month equals equals 8 test.
So we need to go ahead and keep initializing the member variables month and year.
Then once all of these tests pass,
then we'll output the date in a more conventional date format.